notes/Falaj_Testnet_Deployed_Details.md, before:

L1 Deployment Notes

Falaj Testnet  EVM Chain ID:
75417

Native Token: 
E-AED

Blockchain ID:
H3hnSLUCbiQaY92f34SyiUFCpfiHqm1HkGtig5BDBKKk3ZJYB

Subnet ID:
Umsy6NpNisVtZ3KfXscumZcMPpVYat2m4tJSmAa3WJzPWkh9Q

VM ID:
srEXiWaHuhNyGwPUi444Tu47ZEDwxTWrbQiuD7FmgSAQ6X7Dy  

RPC URL 
https://nodes-prod.18.182.4.86.sslip.io/ext/bc/H3hnSLUCbiQaY92f34SyiUFCpfiHqm1HkGtig5BDBKKk3ZJYB/rpc

Validator Manager Blockchain ID 
H3hnSLUCbiQaY92f34SyiUFCpfiHqm1HkGtig5BDBKKk3ZJYB  

Validator Manager Contract Address - UUPS Proxy 
0xfacade0000000000000000000000000000000000  

TeleporterMessenger Address 
0x253b2784c75e510dD0fF1da844684a1aC0aa5fcf  

TeleporterRegistry Address
0x75fd8d3f961e2e8fcb810e87021f9cdd26a3fce6  

pre-deployed sender contract on the C-Chain at address 0x05c474824e7d2cc67cf22b456f7cf60c0e3a1289 to send messages to this receiver.  

ICMDemo Address
Version 1 0xab9541ba5e7e496645473231c561e36036e7665e  Version 2 0x3a2ba0fa33ecc8c6be5e7c23185d7ca07493b5e4

Validator Messages Library 
[ValidatorMessages.sol](https://github.com/ava-labs/icm-contracts/blob/4d5ab0b6dbc653770cfe9709878c9406eb28b71c/contracts/validator-manager/ValidatorMessages.sol) 
0xa4d55132bfc92369dc17918d9e12b42cfea958f8  

Validator Manager Contract 
[ValidatorManager.sol](https://github.com/ava-labs/icm-contracts/blob/4d5ab0b6dbc653770cfe9709878c9406eb28b71c/contracts/validator-manager/ValidatorManager.sol)
0xa15acf1dc3f57879515024b45933b7326d3e22c4  

Native Token Staking Manager Contract
[NativeTokenStakingManager.sol](https://github.com/ava-labs/icm-contracts/blob/4d5ab0b6dbc653770cfe9709878c9406eb28b71c/contracts/validator-manager/NativeTokenStakingManager.sol)
Not Deployed

Subnet ID (Hex), 32 bytes
0x3f1051a35a2dabc245c1ab67d4087e2a3d4a0b476e246e6db9f9debfdfa25acb

Explorer  
https://build.avax.network/explorer/H3hnSLUCbiQaY92f34SyiUFCpfiHqm1HkGtig5BDBKKk3ZJYB   

Avalanche Console API Keys  

Testing - Data - API Key  
dt_AB0PpNOjcbdjQPLgu6no-LwvRs8lkrTAYC9wLi1_-WnE4XL0DFyO9neY1lUCJ0BuOdrE2Qy8XXpYPUeGzAQSfA  

Webhook - API Key  
dt_dxzxPRoHRVFiSCD0peL_RUAvEPE2ZJHb662oZoD4SqIe3xPiqazMHEk0yRJFTyUXZ6eXgI-WyW0UAmzisAe8iQ 


P-Chain Transaction ID of the ConvertSubnetToL1Tx of the L1 this Validator Manager 
2a2DRJK7tbcinhYmjPAQeAo563heAVV4NVpHvU1VukAUH585jA

AVALANCE WEBHOOK SECRET d6f775a9cacc73dce3fc03d75edc3f0fc46a0f218f7b0a8be492bfde399b1f04


Network Name: Avalanche Fuji C-Chain
Chain ID:	43113 (0xA869)
Currency:  	AVAX
RPC URL: https://api.avax-test.network/ext/bc/C/rpc
Explorer: https://subnets-test.avax.network/c-chain
Faucet

Commit message:

Add Falaj testnet reference links

notes/Falaj_Testnet_Deployed_Details.md, after:

L1 Deployment Notes

See Falaj_Testnet_References.md for source links and spec docs.

Falaj Testnet  EVM Chain ID:
75417

Native Token: 
E-AED

Blockchain ID:
H3hnSLUCbiQaY92f34SyiUFCpfiHqm1HkGtig5BDBKKk3ZJYB

Subnet ID:
Umsy6NpNisVtZ3KfXscumZcMPpVYat2m4tJSmAa3WJzPWkh9Q

VM ID:
srEXiWaHuhNyGwPUi444Tu47ZEDwxTWrbQiuD7FmgSAQ6X7Dy  

RPC URL 
https://nodes-prod.18.182.4.86.sslip.io/ext/bc/H3hnSLUCbiQaY92f34SyiUFCpfiHqm1HkGtig5BDBKKk3ZJYB/rpc

Validator Manager Blockchain ID 
H3hnSLUCbiQaY92f34SyiUFCpfiHqm1HkGtig5BDBKKk3ZJYB  

Validator Manager Contract Address - UUPS Proxy 
0xfacade0000000000000000000000000000000000  

TeleporterMessenger Address 
0x253b2784c75e510dD0fF1da844684a1aC0aa5fcf  

TeleporterRegistry Address
0x75fd8d3f961e2e8fcb810e87021f9cdd26a3fce6  

pre-deployed sender contract on the C-Chain at address 0x05c474824e7d2cc67cf22b456f7cf60c0e3a1289 to send messages to this receiver.  

ICMDemo Address
Version 1 0xab9541ba5e7e496645473231c561e36036e7665e  Version 2 0x3a2ba0fa33ecc8c6be5e7c23185d7ca07493b5e4

Validator Messages Library 
[ValidatorMessages.sol](https://github.com/ava-labs/icm-contracts/blob/4d5ab0b6dbc653770cfe9709878c9406eb28b71c/contracts/validator-manager/ValidatorMessages.sol) 
0xa4d55132bfc92369dc17918d9e12b42cfea958f8  

Validator Manager Contract 
[ValidatorManager.sol](https://github.com/ava-labs/icm-contracts/blob/4d5ab0b6dbc653770cfe9709878c9406eb28b71c/contracts/validator-manager/ValidatorManager.sol)
0xa15acf1dc3f57879515024b45933b7326d3e22c4  

Native Token Staking Manager Contract
[NativeTokenStakingManager.sol](https://github.com/ava-labs/icm-contracts/blob/4d5ab0b6dbc653770cfe9709878c9406eb28b71c/contracts/validator-manager/NativeTokenStakingManager.sol)
Not Deployed

Subnet ID (Hex), 32 bytes
0x3f1051a35a2dabc245c1ab67d4087e2a3d4a0b476e246e6db9f9debfdfa25acb

Explorer  
https://build.avax.network/explorer/H3hnSLUCbiQaY92f34SyiUFCpfiHqm1HkGtig5BDBKKk3ZJYB   

Avalanche Console API Keys  

Testing - Data - API Key  
dt_AB0PpNOjcbdjQPLgu6no-LwvRs8lkrTAYC9wLi1_-WnE4XL0DFyO9neY1lUCJ0BuOdrE2Qy8XXpYPUeGzAQSfA  

Webhook - API Key  
dt_dxzxPRoHRVFiSCD0peL_RUAvEPE2ZJHb662oZoD4SqIe3xPiqazMHEk0yRJFTyUXZ6eXgI-WyW0UAmzisAe8iQ 


P-Chain Transaction ID of the ConvertSubnetToL1Tx of the L1 this Validator Manager 
2a2DRJK7tbcinhYmjPAQeAo563heAVV4NVpHvU1VukAUH585jA

AVALANCE WEBHOOK SECRET d6f775a9cacc73dce3fc03d75edc3f0fc46a0f218f7b0a8be492bfde399b1f04


Network Name: Avalanche Fuji C-Chain
Chain ID:	43113 (0xA869)
Currency:  	AVAX
RPC URL: https://api.avax-test.network/ext/bc/C/rpc
Explorer: https://subnets-test.avax.network/c-chain
Faucet
